Yes, but I mean, people do.
I think that one day people will look back on structuralism and reception theory and intentionality and all these other critical shibboleths that have been invented over the last
over 30, 40 years.
And really, rather like modern art, you can think of the imprisoning change.
I don't know how.
When we talk about the guidance sale, and that sale realized $16 million, which is big money for books.
However, not much.
However, the night
Before, no, this was a, was it a four-session sale or a two-session sale?
I forget, but I was there for all of them.
The night before this thing opened, it was a two-session sale, a Japanese paid $22 million for a de Kooning.
Yes, exactly.
Which was a living artist, not active.
Yes, but as you see, I mean, it's quite relevant.
Yes, well, pictures and books have always lived into entirely different leagues and always have done.
But I mean, in real terms, I mean, a far greater collection than the garden collection, obviously, is the Bradley Martin collection, you see, which is collected over a longer period of time by a man with a good deal more real feeling from the knowledge of the taste of everything, you know.
And, you know, I...
I can't help you writing this book.
I can't help the feeling of all the other collections.
Bradley Brighton is in my book.
Yes, I'm sure he is, but no, I mean, you're not shutting up already, are you?
There is a note, it's half past eight, and it's by the time I stopped and looked at it.
Have they closed up the North London?
Not yet.
No, I'll go and have a look at the notes.
I must escort you off.
But no, I keep on thinking.
as well of the uh of all the collectors in the past going back to the dot well can you name me a couple as we walk out that what i would like well i mean i mean i mean i mean we have crotton and power we have grenville we have heber we have uh you know ptolemy ptolemy in egypt putting together the alexandrian library i start with that but every i mean it's like
I even have Pergamum in there as well.
I can't do it all.
No, but the whole, I mean, what I think one should give input, one should certainly say that this is a coral reef business, a new collection.
no creation is ever more than a step in a gradually ascending edifice and all the bits that you've been thinking about and looking at are another layer of the reef.
Can you tell me what you feel about this room as we walk in?
Here we are walking along the floor.
The floor inside here rises.
You reach a level here where you are two steps up.
It grieves you to think that the library is abandoning us, and I hate to use that word, but I... Well, it's not the library that's abandoning us.
The government that's moving the library.
Well, I think that you...